Xuhang, you’ve laid an egg,
As long as I send this information out, you will,
what's going on,
Well, why are you here?
What is this for?
I'm so nervous,
what to do,
It's not a shame,
I just came over to work overtime,
being a cousin, in the past, several,
The USB flash drive in Vice President Wang’s hand,
It seems that there is something against you,
No, this is just an ordinary USB flash drive,
nothing,
Because I really don’t know anything,
What on earth did you do with the night shift workers?
Nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, you and the night shift are all changing. Nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing. No, nothing, what are you doing?
Why don't you go out and ask someone to come?
you listen to me
Damn the doctrine
Everyone opens my company to reward
If you believe me, I will guarantee defeat.
Give it to you
I asked me to bare some books
If you don’t hear it, I’ll cut you off at the same time.
Listen to me, I don’t dare, I don’t dare
Can you please forgive me?
Even if it’s broken, you still want to say it
Did the small incident happen with external funds?
You will die. Your mentality is fine with mine.
A lot of good ones
I didn't get a good introduction
Said that their company is better at selling imported drugs
What about some tea?
Xiaobai enthusiastic
Okay, don't pretend to be a golden elixir.
After all, you will be the guest
Take away for investigation
What to do with several false packages
This big fish shop
You're not just good at eating food
Weren't you taken away, little seed?
not that easy
Wang Zhihao, come here
all culpability
Of course I have no products
See why
Have you ever been sick?
stop crying
Paul Mo who took care of his children
is my person
I give you a call
The child will not die.
It's you who makes me think I'm a composite
Prepare one million for me immediately
Otherwise, Huizi wouldn’t even want to see Xiao Chen